THANK-YOU FOR PURCHASING LOGICWORKS 5!!!

Version 5 brings you the same easy-to-use circuit drawing and simulation
features that have made earlier versions so popular, plus you can now use
a subset of the popular VHDL language* to describe circuits and devices.
Many other new features are described in the enclosed documentation.

We hope you enjoy using the package!


Installation

To install LogicWorks 5 on your system, just run the installer program
called LogicWorks5Setup directly from the CD by double-clicking on it. It
will lead you through the simple installation process.


IMPORTANT!

After you have installed LogicWorks 5 from this CD, be sure to check our
web site at www.logicworks5.com or use the Check for Updates command in
the Help menu inside the program. As a purchaser of this product, you are
entitled to download free updates from this site and it is likely that
there is a new version available since this CD was created.


Technical Support

Installation Support is available through the Pearson Higher Education
Media Product Assistance Hotline at:

Tel: 1-800-677-6337 M-F (8:00AM to 5:00PM CST)
Fax: 847-486-2595
email: media.support@pearsoned.com

For technical issues regarding program operation, contact your instructor
or teaching assistant, or check the on-line help available on the LogicWorks
On-line Support Page at www.logicworks5.com.


Free Upgrades, Add-Ons, Help and Support On-line

Our LogicWorks Web Site is being constantly expanded and gives you instant
access to the latest version patches, FAQs, extra symbol libraries, optional
add-ons, etc. Check back regularly, or sign up for our mailing list to be
notified automatically when new stuff becomes available.


*VHDL in LogicWorks 5

Please note that LogicWorks does not provide a 100% implementation of the
VHDL language standard. In developing the product, we have tried to include
all the features needed to introduce the language and to create small- to
medium-scale design simulations, while keeping the cost of the product low.
This does mean that some VHDL models created on other systems may not run in
LogicWorks 5 without modification.  For complete information on the VHDL
restrictions in the latest version, see the online documentation included
with the program, or refer to our web site at www.logicworks5.com.